It's here!
The balloon has returned!
We're back!
Your Highness.
So, where do you think
the princess has
been this whole time?
Looks like she was busy
recruiting more members.
Apollo: Princess Leona,
as the leader of a country,
your behavior must reflect...
Call for a meeting with the
key figures of each kingdom.
Apollo: Huh?! Uh...
We can't any
waste time. Now move!
Princess!
Wh-what's going on?
Dai: Leona...
What about us?
For now, you will
all just have to wait.
Use this time to rest...
And to prepare for battle.
What battle?
Would somebody please just
tell me what's going on?!
Okay. Take us to Romos.
Aye!
Hyunckel: It looks like
the princess will be
leading the country into war.
So... what should we do?
I don't know.
It doesn't seem like any of
you have fully recovered yet.
Rest comes first.
But...
Shut up and obey!
I'm off to bed.
Brokeena: Ah, that's enough.
Maam: Grand Master.
Brokeena: It's time for you
to leave the mountain...
And test the results of your
training at this tournament.
Maam: You mean...
Popp: I'm not myself without
this after all, right?
Matoriv: Your clothes
look clean, too.
Yep, Merle fixed
them up back in Teran.
She was so upset when
we were leaving...
And she took really
good care of us
the whole time
we were there.
Hey, hang on a sec, you
think she has a thing for me?
A-As if!
[awkward chuckle]
Matoriv [thought]: What
an oblivious little brat
wandering through the world...
A waste of time...
Okay, Mentor. Time to
start on my training!
With my powered-up spells,
I bet I could blow away-
[frightened yelp]
Interesting.
He pulled it off.
Huh?
Matoriv: We'll train later.
Go and check on your friend.
Dai!
Did you actually just cast
a Zapple spell by yourself?!
Yeah! I think I can do it any
time - even without my crest.
Check it out!
Zapple!
Whoa, awesome!
Indeed. You've grown
strong, young Dai.
He has, and that was nothing
compared to his real power.
Just watch.
Now, Dai... Show everyone
the power of your crest.
Oh, you mean the power
of the Dragon Knight?!
Wait right there, my boy!
Dai: What's this?
Baduck: A gift
from the princess.
No weapon or armor
can endure the full
fury of a Dragon Knight,
but these clothes
have been woven with
special Papnican
cloth and technique.
They should do the trick!
Hang on...
Dai: The Knife of Papnica...
I thought it was destroyed.
There are actually
three Knives of Papnica.
The one the princess gave
you was the Sun Knife.
This one right
here is the Wind Knife.
Oh yeah. The other one
had a red gem in it's hilt...
But this new one
here is green.
Now, the third one-
the Sea Knife - is also gone,
so take care of this one.
You can't wield it when you're
using the power of your crest!
Dai: Got it!
Alright. Now you should try
on those special clothes.
Huh!
Ooh! A perfect fit,
and they suit you, too.
Now, listen.
Something's in the works.
The princess is strategizing
with the other leaders.
Since she herself
can't help in combat,
she felt that giving
you this equipment
was the least she could do.
Leona... Thanks, again.
Well... Shall we
get started, then?
[roaring]
Crocodine!
Crocodine: Right.
Oh, wow.
Is the crest's power helping
him cast a Levizoom spell?!
Now that's fast.
They're great.
The cloak feels so light!
Crocodine:
Then how about this?
Beast King Redemption Blast!
Draconic Aura!
Incredible!
Well done. Even with
my best attack...
[falling yell]
-Popp: Hey!
-Crocodine: Dai!
Popp: Boy, that was scary.
But what made him
fall out of the sky?
We mistakenly thought the power
of Dai's crest was limitless,
but it does have a weakness.
Crocodine: With all of his
Aura focused into his fist,
his energy drains even faster.
Fighting over a longer period
of time could be disastrous.
So, you'll have to control it.
Hyunckel: That's not
it's only weakness.
Huh?
You can't use weapons.
Hyunckel: Your fists will be
enough for a normal enemy,
but against a
powerful one like Baran?
You'll need some help.
Ah, he's right...
Popp: The Demon Dragon Blade.
Baran was able to use it.
There's got to be another
sword like that one.
Something a Dragon Knight won't
be able to break so easily.
There's one out there, indeed.
The world's a big place.
Legendary weapons are just
a little harder to find.
For example; the Sword of
Champions must be one of them.
Sword of Champions?
What are you talking
about, old man?
Oh, really? You haven't heard?
The Romos Martial Arts
Tournament is starting soon
Both: Martial
Arts Tournament?
And the Sword of Champions
is the grand prize!
Pretty exciting, isn't it?
Both: What?!
Is that really true?
Is it?! Is it?!
Really?! Are you sure?
Baduck: It's true.
Amy told me when she
came back from Romos!
Both: That's it!
The Sword of Champions?
It's the prize for
the tournament, isn't it?
Oh, that. I met with
King Romos for the princess.
He's looking for
more soldiers...
So, he's holding a
Martial Arts Tournament.
Seems a bit silly, honestly.
[amazed gasps]
Amy: All fighting styles
and weapon-types are allowed.
It says right here
that the winner...
receives the legendary
Sword of Champions.
Both: It is true!
When is this thing?
It's today.
Both: It's today?!
The first round's at noon.
Dai: Noon? Then
there's still time.
Popp: Where is it?
It looks like they
built a Colosseum
a short distance from
the Romos Castle.
We can get there
with a Zoom spell.
What are we waiting for?!
Zoom!
But - wait a minute!
Mister!
You? You're the...
Hero!
Tell me - where's the
Martial Arts Tournament?!
Str-Straight
down this road...
Guard: Take the
path to the right.
-Thank you!
-Thanks!
We might just make it.
Popp: C'mon.
Let's win this thing and
get the Sword of Champions!
Yeah!
Baduck: Oh my.
I thought they were hasty
running off like that...
I can't believe they're
already in Romos.
Indeed. It's better than
waiting around here, though.
Lady Amy. Princess
Leona's big strategy.
What is it that she has
planned for everyone?
I'm not yet at liberty
to discuss such things.
You see...
It's not just the Papnica
Troika who've been asked
to gather the leaders
of the human kingdoms.
The princess herself
is traveling the
world in preparation.
Interesting.
Crocodine,
what are your plans?
Well, in the meantime,
I'm hoping that Baduck will
be able to repair my weapon.
Then I'm afraid I
must apologize for this...
I'm leaving to train.
You? What for?
Hyunckel: Our recent encounter
with Baran taught me something.
In battle, when beings
like the Dragon Knights
are fighting using
their full strength,
the damage is
horrific beyond belief.
In his Dragonoid form, Baran
couldn't control his power.
It made him into a monster
capable of turning
against his own son.
Up until now,
I thought I had the ability to
win any fight that came my way.
But strength alone is no
longer the path to victory.
I promised Larhart when
he gave me this spear.
A promise that I
fully intend to keep.
To do so, I need to
change my approach.
I can't stop him as I am.
But... how will you train?
I'm not adept with a spear.
I never actually
thought I'd need it.
But the Book of Avan
contains the secrets of
the Avan Style
Spear Technique.
Avan was a swordsman.
You're saying he used
a spear, as well?
Hyunckel: He was the master
of all fighting styles.
Now I must study and follow the
same path that he did back then.
So that I can learn to truly
wield the Dark Armor Spear.
Crocodine: Wait. Shouldn't
you take the Book of Avan?
Hyunckel: There's no need.
I've memorized it.
Besides, it's a little too
precious for me to take.
Dai and Popp should have it.
Crocodine: Hyunckel...
Take care of them.
Alright, then. You can trust
Dai and Papnica with me.
Don't you think he's being
a bit too hard on himself?
Crocodine: He's
begun to realize
his responsibility
as the eldest.
The senior student of
the Disciples of Avan.
Well, good luck to him.
Do you think Dai will be
able to win that tournament?
Oh, no. This says...
Both: What? We're too late?!
Preliminary fights
begin at noon,
but registration
ends an hour before.
Can't you do something?
C'mon... We came all
the way from Papnica!
Well... I know it's a
request from the Hero...
And I'd like to help you...
But rules are rules.
Both: Oh, come on!
[disappointed chirps]
Announcer: Preliminary
fights are starting.
Please make
way to your seats.
Woman: I wonder
who'll be fighting.
[exasperated sigh]
Dumb rules. We just wasted all
of our energy getting here!
Whatever...
How about we challenge
the winner afterwards
and then kick their butt?
-Does that really sound...
-What do you think?
-...like what Heroes do?
-Sound good?!
Let's go home.
Just forget about
that silly sword.
C'mon. Why don't we check
out the tournament?
We came all this way.
I mean, we might even
learn something, right?
Yeah - no, thanks.
No one interesting
will be fighting.
Come on, they're
all amateurs.
Man: Hey, guys!
Get a load of this.
There's a cute
girl fighting!
But, hey, you never know-
we might learn something!
[amused chuckle]
-Wow, that's amazing!
-Keep it up. You can do it!
[pained groan]
[cheering]
All right. Let's see
how cute she is!
Unbelievable!
Popp: Actually, let's go.
I don't need to meet a girl
who's this freakishly strong.
To be honest,
it's pretty terrifying.
[worried yell]
I heard that,
Popp. You jerk!
[amazed breath]
[victorious chuckle]
That's three minutes,
and fifteen seconds!
The fighter Maam
wins by knockout!
[cheering]
MC: The next fight will
begin in ten minutes.
Hey there, Maam!
[delighted laugh]
Dai, Gomechan!
You did it.
You're actually in the
tournament as a martial artist-
that's so great!
That's right.
What a surprise!
I didn't expect to run
into the three of you here.
Uh, Popp?
Hey there, buddy...
What's wrong?
Popp [thought]: Is it really
Maam? I can't be sure.
It could be another fake.
Okay.
What?
Huh?
Let me take a
closer look at 'ya...
Make sure you don't have
Zaboera's beady little eyes.
Out of my face!
Okay, I think she's
the real deal...
I don't let just anyone-
A Giant Rat!
What's it doing here?!
You got a problem with me?
The rules don't say a monster
can't enter the tournament!
A giant talking rat?!
E-Everybody - run!
Ow! What are you doing?!
I could ask you the same!
You dare disrespect
Miss Maam, you creepy weirdo?!
No! I'm not doing anything!
Come on, Chiu. Enough.
Right!
I've told you about them.
These are my friends Dai and
Popp. And of course, Gomechan.
Huh? You mean this
is the Hero's party?
No way.
More like "yes way"!
You're just a rat-
I'm going to roast you over
a spit, you little monster!
Slow down, Popp.
He's a new friend of mine.
Give him a break.
This little guy?!
Ratty here is your friend?!
That's right.
Maam: I was trained by Grand
Master Brokeena; the Holy Fist.
This is the Karate Rat, Chiu.
He was Brokeena's
other student.
Uh-huh.
A Karate Rat?!
Huh.
Well, now. This is the Hero Dai
I've been hearing so much about.
You know what? You're
smaller than I thought.
Uh... I'm small?
And now for the next fight!
Put your hands together for
the Wrestler Gomez
versus Karate Rat Chiu!
Fighters; please
enter the ring.
[cheering]
Just sit back and
observe a real fighter!
Don't you worry.
I'll make quick work
of this one, Miss Maam.
You; the creepy Mage!
Don't you go anywhere, you
got that? We'll talk later.
That little...
-[angry mumbling]
-Sorry about that.
He's really great when
you get to know him.
What his, uh, whole deal?
Maam: He used to
be an evil monster.
He attacked a nearby village.
Grand Master
Brokeena captured him
and then put him
through training.
His heart got stronger,
eventually he became
immune to the
Dark Lord's will.
Then he learned
to speak on his own.
He sounds impressive...
So what are you
two doing here?
Well, um, we battled
the Dragon Legion.
Huh?!
Popp [thought]: Okay.
We'll have to
explain everything
that happened gently,
or the shock might
be too much for her.
Dai: It was quite the ordeal.
Popp: Hey... Dai...
And Popp even died once!
Maam: [shocked gasp]
H-Hey! Pipe down!
Maam: Care to explain?
Well... Uh...
Gomez: Huh...
That's different.
It's not every day you see a
monster wearing fighting gear.
[chuckling]
Well, this
"monster" is going to
mop the floor
with you, meathead!
What did you say?!
If I can defeat this brainless
thug and show off how cool I am,
then I'm sure Miss Maam's
heart will finally be mine.
Maam: So that's why you
need the Sword of Champions.
Yeah. And you really
think you can win this?
I do... but there's no way
I'm going to accept that sword.
Both: Huh?!
I'm not going to help you
kill your own father. No way.
M-Maam, I...
Popp: But...
I say...
This tournament has been quite
the success, Mister Zamza.
Zamza: Yes. And it's all
thanks to you, Your Majesty.
King Romos: No, no.
Gathering strong fighters
to increase our country's
strength was your idea.
I merely agreed to it.
Let us just hope we
can gather many of them.
Zamza: Why, of course,
Your Majesty.
After all, that is
our objective.
Narrator: Dai
and Popp marvel at
Maam's new mastery
of the Martial Arts.
With the outcome of
the tournament uncertain
and the Sword of
Champions still to be won,
the pair watch
on in anticipation.
But as the competition
moves to the final round,
an insidious plot begins to take
motion behind the scenes...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Incident at the Finals".